chore: update jaeger remote sampler example (#4892)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add client metric support to `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#4707)
- Add peer attributes to spans recorded by `NewClientHandler`, `NewServerHandler` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc`. (#4873)

### Changed

> - Updated jaeger version in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote/example` example. (#4892)

Reviewer: My bad, I didn't fully read the other changes when I suggested the changelog entry. You're not upgrading the jaeger version, you're updating the collector.

```suggestion
- Updated otel-collector from `otel/openteleemtry-collector` to `otel/opentelemetry-collector-contrib` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote/example` example. (#4892)
```

### Fixed

- Do not panic in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc` if `MeterProvider` returns a `nil` instrument. (#4875)

> - OpenTelemetry Collector based example for `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote`. (#4892)

Reviewer: A `Fixed` entry would be a bugfix, which this isn't. How about moving it to the `Changed` section?
Also, how about something along the lines of:

> Updated jaeger version in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote/example` example. (#4892)

Author: Thank you for the feedback. I also had some doubts about where should I add it while adding it to changelog. Of course 👍  I am going to move it in a minute.
